Even before you've crossed the border into Frost Reach, you can feel the chill. It sweeps down from the distant mountains to greet you, carrying with it a hissing wind that plucks at your scarf to allow the frigid drizzle its malevolent egress. Some primal recess of your brain urges you to turn around before it's too late. This is the point of no return.
[question=border]You hitch up your travelling bag as you approach the border checkpoint. It is a small, cozy cabin-type structure with a slanted roof much in need of repair, groaning under a heavy snowdrift. Lantern light flickers in the windows, and smoke curls from a crooked chimney.
[choice]Approach the checkpoint.
As you near the building, two guardsmen step out and signal you to halt. They wear dark grey uniform jackets with broad leather belts and arming swords. One of them-- taller, and with red shoulder patches denoting a sergeant's rank-- hails you.
"Hold, traveler. Got some procedures to follow, 'n we'll get you through quick-like."
You nod your assent and place your satchel on the ground. The shorter guard hoists it onto a small table and begins wrestling with the buckles, swearing under his breath, while the sergeant steps closer to squint at you.
[question=from]"Where've you come from?" he asks, assessing your traveling garb with an appraising eye.
[choice]Eld Ombyr.
[choice]Warm Front.
[choice]Ghyde Light.
ChoiceDependent
The shorter guard finishes his cursory inspection of the contents of your bag and returns it to you. "Got any weapons on your person?" he inquires.
"No," you respond truthfully.
The guard presses on. "Are you in possession of any magickal artefacts or substances?"
"No," you lie.
[question=boilsCheck]"Right, then," the sergeant says. "If you could remove your hood and scarf, please. Boils check. I understand you're probably freezing already, southerner, so we'll make this quick, just a precaution. Can't have any flaks staggering over the border, now can we?"
[choice]There's no need for that.
"That won't be necessary," you say quickly, reaching inside your coat and producing your grandfather's letter. You hold it out in clear view of the sergeant.
"I'm afraid it's not--" The sergeant's disapproving frown fades to slack-jawed disbelief as he catches sight of the red wax seal on the letter. More particularly, the insignia it bears: the image of a skull with a keyhole in the center of its forehead.
The other guard looks on in confusion."What is it, sir?"
[question=inOrder]"Nothing, nothing." The sergeant shooes the letter back inside your pocket as if it's coated with the Bloody Boils itself. "Everything's in order. Go on through, traveller, and welcome to Frost Reach."
[choice]Cross the border and proceed north.
Past the checkpoint, you proceed on foot to the small town where you are to rendezvous with your guide. Even in a village such as this, the architecture is already distinctive from the south; each building's roof is slanted at acute angles to minimalize snow accumulation. Most lodgings are quite small, claustrophobic even, to conserve the furnace-heat.
Wiping the sleet from your face, you duck inside the travelers' hostel and look around. The place is nearly empty, and to your relief you are able to locate your guide almost immediately. He is wearing a bright red scarf, as instructed. Catching his attention with an awkward wave, you pull up a rickety chair and seat yourself at the small table where he nurses a steaming mug.
The man introduces himself as Vogel, and as he pulls down his scarf to talk you get a good look at him. He is nt exactly a handsome fellow-- hooded eyes, beer-stained beard, bushy brows nearing collision, and a grimace full of rotten teeth. His nose and ears have been badly scarred by frostbite. He is fairly young-- late twenties, early thirties-- but a hard life has worn on him.
"Show me," he croaks hoarsely.
You produce the letter once again. Vogel reaches for it, and out of reflex you pull it back. Noting your caution, Vogel scoffs sardonically.
"Whatever Assemblyman Eisenbrand wants with you, I don't know and I don't want to know," he says. It's always strange to hear your grandfather referred to by his title. You sheepishly tilt the letter so Vogel can see the red wax seal and the skull.
[question=gender]Vogel nods, satisfied. "All I need. You're just a package, friend. Hells, you're so bundled up I couldn't say whether you're man, woman, or flak."
[choice]I'm a man.
[choice]I'm a woman.
[choice]It doesn't matter.
"Hrm." The guide takes a swig of his pungent drink, setting it down with a decisive <i>clunk</i> and a growling belch. ChoiceDependent
Vogel unfolds a small, faded map onto the tabletop. "Here's how this is going to work. A few hours north of here is Fimbulstadt. That's the nearest station we can catch the Chain. From there we'll take the line straight through to Northstar, and then all the way up to Utgard." He coughs wetly. "That's as far as the Chain'll take us. Final leg is overland to <i>you-know-where</i>."
You ask him a few more questions about the logistics and timetable of the journey, and he answers to your satisfaction. With matters settled, the two of you leave the hostel and hurry north toward Fimbulstadt. Time is of the essence; you know that even more keenly than Vogel does.
Fimbulstadt is more impressive than the border town, but not by much. The roads are well-cobbled, at least, and you pass several workers shoveling snow to keep the lanes clear. Northerners are certainly a hardy people, you observe. When you catch a few townsfolk squinting suspiciously at you, you are reminded that they are generally distrustful of outsiders as well.
[question=waiting]The Chain cuts straight through the center of town, with a hundred feet cleared on either side. You and Vogel find shelter under the overhang of the station; a protective barrier obscures the view of the tracks, save for a few narrow viewing slits.
[choice]Why is there all this protection?
[choice]Why is there so much space around the tracks?
Vogel chuckles. "You'll see in just a minute, ChoiceDependent."
He has barely finished speaking when you feel the ground begin to thrum with a faint vibration beneath your feet. The few other passengers waiting at the station notice it too, and shuffle with anticipation. Second by second the tremors grow stronger, ascend from a sensation to a sound until it is a roaring in your ears.
A faint orange light begins to glow through the viewing slits. You hurry forward to one of the apertures just in time for a wall of flames to fill your vision. The engine has arrived.
You watch in awe and disbelief as the mighty locomotive thunders into view. A hundred-meter tongue of fire precedes it, belched by mounted flamecasters, and the slopes of its ironclad flanks throw a wake of discarded snow to either side. The flying slush drums heavily against the station's protective barrier as the mighty engine applies its brakes with a screech and eases to a stop.
The now-stationary locomotive is a sight to behold even with the flamecasters switched off. Its length is impossible to gauge; armored cars trail off into the distance until the line disappears into the frigid mists. It is a massive, hulking, ungainly beast, ugly with its slopes and spikes, but you can feel its looming presence like a tremor in your very bones.
[question=seen]You marvel at the massive bulk of this glorious machine; it seems impossible that Reavian steam could be enough to power dozens of locomotives such as this. Taking note of your wide-eyed wonderment, Vogel doesn't pass up the opportunity to gloat. "Nothing quite like this in ChoiceDependent, eh?"
[choice]No, nothing quite like this.
"No," you admit wistfully. ChoiceDependent. But I can't say that I've seen something quite as... something quite like this."
Presenting your papers to the sour-faced conductor, you and Vogel board one of the surprisingly well-appointed passenger cars and secure a narrow but surprisingly warm cabin with sturdy beds recessed into opposite walls. The passage to North Star will take two days, with one night on board.
[question=boils]Vogel stows his belongings and steps out, muttering something about finding an open-air car to smoke in. Sounds like a chilly proposition, but his departure leaves with the space you need to check something.
[choice]Roll up your sleeve.
After a quick glance up and down the railcar, you close the door to your cabin and peel back the thick sleeve of your jacket with some effort. Sure enough, the angry red boils have spread past your elbow and have begun to creep down your forearm. Some of the smaller pustules are now a crusty black; ashy flakes stick to your rolled-up sleeve or drift down to the cabin floor.
Resisting the urge to scratch, you hurriedly conceal the bloody boils once again and sweep up any particulate evidence. One night to Northstar, two nights to Utgard, one more night in the mountains before reaching your destination. It's going to be close.
Letting a hand drift to your amulet (a simple triangle of pearly metal, no larger than a thumbnail), you close your eyes and whisper a brief prayer to Merenia. A wave of magickal peace creeps across your body from head to toe; you steadfastly visualize this energy pushing back against the affliction's spread. It will buy you hours more, at most.
The Chain rumbles to life, and you recline with a troubled sigh as the station and Fimbulstadt slowly wind out of view. Five days, four nights. Plumes of parted snow cloud your vision from the window, limned with flamecasters' light. You can do this. You can make it.
Five days, four nights.
<i>Five days, four nights.</i>
The Camarilla await.